wix-application release notes (#2277)
wix-incubator/wix-code-docs: guides/release-notes.md

---

### New Module for Wix Blocks: Wix Application

> >**Note:** Wix Blocks is currently a Beta version, open to a limited number of users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**Note:** Wix Blocks is currently in Beta and open to a limited number of users.
```
